yeah we're going on on year six as a
varsity football program you know we've
made the transition from 4a to 5a first
couple years of 5a trying to adjust to
that schedule I was very difficult but
the kids and the program has really
started to adapt to that and I feel like
we're at that point where we are able to
handle it better you know playing a top
10 team every week is a tough thing to
handle and when we first made that
transition it was rough but the guys
that did it really set the foundation
for our program
you know we do have a quarterback battle
going right now we lost a two-year
starter at quarterback and Reed
Hendricks we've got a junior and a two
juniors and a sophomore battling it out
right now and it looks like one of the
juniors are starting to separate himself
from the other and then we have a
sophomore quarterback that's really
pushing and we're and that's that's our
goal is to let that competition figure
itself out and and you know not name a
starter until it really does at the
skill position we have to replace guys
like George egg and Dorsett Valdez but
we were turn out running backs every
running back from last year
you know Dominical Chavez and Ebro
Dominguez JP plays some running back for
us we've turned our big six-foot 5
receiver and Connor Anderson and we
expect him to really be a weapon for us
this year even more so than last and up
front and on the line we've got some
holes to fill we lost three starting
offensive linemen and probably the most
notable one is our sinner who was a
two-year starter and and you know
filling those holes is going to be
difficult but we feel like we've had a
number of players that have had great
off seasons and getting stronger and and
and are ready to take that challenge on
and the secondary returned to and then
on the d-line we were returned to so we
returned four on the on the defensive
side of the ball
obviously Brandon Madrid and Chrissy
Costa are two defensive backs that
returned for us you know Brandon's just
an inspiration he works hard you know he
our kids have a very easy time following
a guy that works that hard and overcome
so many obstacles in life at the
linebacker position that's another one
that's a big competition we lost both
starting linebackers from last year so
we've got about five juniors and seniors
that are really competing for it and
again we got another sophomore or two
that'll push for some playing time there
on the D line we return to defensive
ends that I feel like should be the
strength of our defense too tall
athletic strong kids in Kendall Johnson
and Mike Butte ik we need them to set
the tone for us on defense and up front
we've got a couple holes and again we've
got a competition for four or five
position five four or five players that
are competing for those defensive tackle
spots but just like everybody in the
state you know we've got holes to fill
we're trying to create competition so
that we see who can who can fill those
spots
yeah you know with Manzano those guys
it's every year as a close one you know
we've gone to losing to him and over
time they've beaten us three or four
times in a row but it's all been you
know overtime win or last-second
touchdown and every game it seems to be
a stinkin close one with those guys so
we got a nice little rivalry our kids
are very excited about it we open the
new stadium community stadium with them
on a Wednesday night so it ought to be
fun and then we get our bye week which
kind of comes out of inopportune time
but that's not something we can hat we
can control
then we've got Sandia again and they've
kind of had our number and their program
really seems to be rolling they're big
they're athletic they're well coached
that's the kind of program we're
striving to be like so it's a big test
for us to see where we're at
we get moriarity which is a very good
for a program we get on Yaffe which is a
very very up-and-coming 5a School in Las
Cruces then we get Mayfield El Dorado
del Norte which is always a big game for
us because some of assistant coaches are
we're here and now coaching over there
so and then we get into district and Rio
Rancho schools they just seem to get
stronger every year Rio Rancho high is
gonna be unbelievable Cleveland seems
like they reload every year and then our
big rival Sabula
so we've got a fun interesting tough
schedule that that's going to be a
challenge for us